Munich July 15 2011 the BMW velt
presents the best of BMW Motorsport
hundreds of invited guests wait for a
historical moment the return of the
racing legend the new BMW m3 DTM concept
car for the 2012 season
DTM the DTM well I can only say that
motorsport and BMW that is something
that belongs very very close together
and for us the DTM always have a special
flare gas was on one flyer and it
started in 1984 during 11 successful DTM
years BMW was champion three times had
49 victories and went to the podium over
150 times
three models are in use the BMW 635 CSI
the BMW 323i and of course the bmw m3
the success story shall now continue
with this one the new BMW m3 DTM concept
car
four meters 77 long and almost 2 meters
wide a shop cornered spoiler and
diffusers catch the eye the bmw m3 DTM
is based on the 4th generation of the
sportiest production vehicle from the
house of BMW M a powerful v8 motor held
to the define 480 horsepower through an
air regulator accelerates the vehicle
from 0 to 100 kilometers an hour in
approximately 3 seconds reaching a top
speed of 300 km/h for the future pilots
of Gustav farva's and Andy Priaulx the
BMW m3 DTM is an absolute highlight even
in the development stage well it's great
I mean I drove the car for 20 laps I
must say for a race driver your first
impressions are really important I drove
out of the pits and already got a good
feeling from the car and did did 6 laps
and came into the pits had a quick chat
with the team went out banged at a time
and I think that's a really important
feeling to have the confidence to be
able to do that straightaway and well it
looks fantastic and it really is proper
racing now BMW gladly awaits the start
of the 2012 DTM season